ko: add information about cross namespace Secret reference from KongCertificate and KongCACertificate (#3937)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/operator/konnect/cross-namespace-references.md

      # name: my-control-plane
```

## Certificates configuration {% new_in 2.1 %}

> When configuring a `KongCertificates` and `KongCACertificate` objects, you can reference `Secret`s containing the actual certificates data in a different namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring `KongCertificate` and `KongCACertificate` objects, you can reference `Secret` resource containing the actual certificate data in a different namespace.
```

This reference can be done via the `spec.secretRef.namespace` and `spec.secretRefAlt.namespace` fields, by specifying the `namespace` of the `Secret` resource.

```yaml
apiVersion: configuration.konghq.com/{{ site.operator_kongcertificate_api_version }}
kind: KongCertificate
metadata:
  name: dual-cert-cross-namespace
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: secretRef
  controlPlaneRef:
    type: konnectNamespacedRef
    konnectNamespacedRef:
      name: my-control-plane
  # Primary certificate (RSA) - cross-namespace reference
  secretRef:
    name: rsa-tls-secret
    namespace: tls-secrets-namespace
  # Alternative certificate (ECDSA) - cross-namespace reference
  secretRefAlt:
    name: ecdsa-tls-secret
    namespace: tls-secrets-namespace
```

> In order to protect cross namespace references, the `Secret` resource must explicitly allow references from other namespaces by specifying `KongReferenceGrant` resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to protect cross-namespace references, the `Secret` resource must explicitly allow references from other namespaces using `KongReferenceGrant` resources:
```
